Initial documentation for the elemental repository (#146)
SUSE/elemental: docs/linux-only-image.md

* Through a [system extension image](#configuring-through-a-system-extension-image)
* Through a [configuration script](#configuring-through-a-configuration-script)

### Configuring through a System Extension Image

System extension images can be disk image files or simple folders that get loaded by the `systemd-sysext.service`. They allow users to dynamically extend the operating system's directory hierarchies with additional files. For more information, refer to the [man systemd-sysext](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-sysext.html) documentation.

Using Elemental's toolset, users can wrap any number of these extension images inside a tarball and provide that tarball during [OS installation](#install-os-on-target-device).

> **IMPORTANT:** To be compliant with Elemental's standards, system extension images should always be added under the `/var/lib/extensions` directory of the underlying operating system.

#### Example System Extension Image

This example demonstrates how users can create a system extension image and wrap it inside of a tarball that will be later provided during OS installation. 

> To illustrate the process, we will build an extension image for the `elemental3-toolkit` command line client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following builds an extension image for the `elemental3-toolkit` command line client.
```

> **NOTE:** The below steps use the `mkosi` tool. For more information on the tool, refer to the [upstream repository](https://github.com/systemd/mkosi).

*Prepare the `elemental3-toolkit` extension image:*

1. Create the root extension directory:

    ```shell
    mkdir example-extension
    ```

2. Prepare a configuration file called `mkosi.conf` that the `mkosi` tool will follow:

    ```shell
    cat <<- END > example-extension/mkosi.conf
    [Distribution]
    Distribution=opensuse
    Release=tumbleweed

    [Build]
    Environment=SYSTEMD_REPART_OVERRIDE_FSTYPE_ROOT=squashfs

    [Output]
    Format=sysext
    OutputDirectory=mkosi.output
    Output=elemental3-toolkit-3.0.%a
    END
    ```

3. Prepare the `mkosi.extra` directory inside the `example-extension`:

>     * Create the directory structure where the `elemental3-toolkit` needs to end up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Create the directory structure for `elemental3-toolkit`:
```

        ```shell
        mkdir -p example-extension/mkosi.extra/usr/local/bin
        ```

>     * Copy the `elemntal3-toolkit` binary from the `build/` directory of the `SUSE/elemental` repository:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Copy the `elemental3-toolkit` binary from the `build/` directory of the `SUSE/elemental` repository:
```

* The `/dev/loop0` came from the output of the `losetup` command in the [Prepare the Installation Target](#prepare-the-installation-target) section.

> **NOTE:** `elemental3-toolkit` also supports a `--local` flag that can be used in combination with the `DOCKER_HOST=unix:///run/podman/podman.sock` environment variable to allow for referring to locally pulled OS images.

In case you encounter issues with the process, make sure to enable the `--debug` flag for more information. If the issue persists and you are not aware of the problem, feel free to raise a GitHub Issue.

## Cleanup

Since a loop device was attached to the RAW disk that was created as part of the [Prepare the Installation Target](#prepare-the-installation-target) section, we must clean this up.

```shell
losetup -d /dev/loop0
```

## Booting the Image

To boot the image in a virtual machine you can use either QEMU or libvirt utilities for creating the VM. Keep in mind that the emulated CPU (or vCPU) has to be at least `x86_64-v2` compliant.

*Using QEMU:*
```shell
qemu-kvm -m 8190 \
         -cpu host \
         -hda example.img \
         -bios /usr/share/qemu/ovmf-x86_64.bin \
         -nographic
```

> You should now be seeing the bootloader that’s prompting you to start `openSUSE Tumbleweed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see the bootloader prompting you to start `openSUSE Tumbleweed`.
```

### Validate Booted Image

1. Login with the root user and password as configured in the [config.sh](#example-config-script) script.

2. Validate you are running the expected operating system:

    ```shell
    cat /etc/os-release
    ```

3. Validate that the configured `example-oneshot.service` is created:

    * View service status:

        ```shell
        systemctl status example-oneshot.service
        ```

    * View service logs:

        ```shell
        journalctl -u example-oneshot.service
        ```

4. Validate that the `elemental3-toolkit` binary was successfully added to the system through an extension image:

    * Check logs for the `systemd-sysext.service`:

        ```shell
        journalctl -u systemd-sysext.service
        ```

    * Try calling the command:

        ```shell
        elemental3-toolkit version
        ```

## Upgrading the OS of a Booted Image

Suppose the image that we created as part of the previous sections has been running for a while and now we want to upgrade its operating system to include the latest available package versions.

> We can do this through the `elemental3-toolkit` command line tool, by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this through the `elemental3-toolkit` command line tool, by executing the following command:
```
